INTRODUCTION
Usability testing is a critically important step in the user experience design process. In order to create a quality experience that meets the needs of your users, you will need to collect data and feedback from those users at multiple points in the design process. You will then need to consider this feedback and make any necessary modifications to improve your design.



For this task, you will submit your prototype from Task 1 for usability testing via the “Prototype and Peer Review Dashboard” in the web links section and clicking on the “Usability Prototype Submission Form” in the dashboard. You will then be prompted to submit recorded feedback on your fellow students’ designs through the Panopto platform. You will need to confirm the permissions for each of your videos are set to “Your Organization (unlisted), anyone at your organization who has the link can view” and submit your video files on the platform.



After you have provided user feedback for three separate prototypes, you will be able to view the video feedback from other students on your own design. You will use this feedback from your users to inform the remainder of your submission. You will also need to complete and submit the “C856 Task 2 Template” for evaluation as outlined in the Requirements section below.



By conducting usability tests and evaluating the results, you will develop a deeper understanding of the users you are designing for and may even uncover user needs and wants that you were previously unaware of. Incorporating your findings into each subsequent iteration of your design allows you to create a product that satisfies your users.



Note: Prior to starting this task, please review the “Instructions: Prototype and Peer Review Dashboard” supporting document.



Note: The file size limit for your submission cannot exceed 200 MB. Individual files larger than 16 MB will not be accepted.

SCENARIO
Great news! Tanitian government officials have reviewed the latest version of your prototype, and they are very excited about your progress. They want you to submit your prototype for usability testing, and they have asked you to provide user feedback for three other designs they are considering.
REQUIREMENTS
Your submission must be your original work. No more than a combined total of 30% of the submission and no more than a 10% match to any one individual source can be directly quoted or closely paraphrased from sources, even if cited correctly. The originality report that is provided when you submit your task can be used as a guide.

You must use the rubric to direct the creation of your submission because it provides detailed criteria that will be used to evaluate your work. Each requirement below may be evaluated by more than one rubric aspect. The rubric aspect titles may contain hyperlinks to relevant portions of the course.


A.  Using the “Prototype and Peer Review Dashboard” web link, fill out the “Usability Prototype Submission Form”, including your prototype link and the list of five objective usability tasks you provided in Task 1. Complete the “Your Prototype” section in the attached “C856 Task 2 Template” using this information.
 

B.  Choose three of your peers’ prototypes from the “Prototype and Peer Review Dashboard” web link. List each peer’s name in the “Your Completed Peer Reviews” section of the attached “C856 Task 2 Template.””
 

C.  Record yourself and your screen as you give verbal feedback as a user for the three other submissions from part B. Your feedback must address each of the five usability tasks listed by each peer. Submit a link to each of your videos using the “Submit Prototype Review - Link” on the dashboard and include these links in the “Your Completed Peer Reviews” section of the “C856 Task 2 Template.”



Note: If you record to your "My Folder," you must apply viewing permissions for your peers to be able to view your videos. Open the video and then open Settings, select Share, and apply "Your Organization (unlisted), anyone at your organization who has the link can view."
 

Note: Use Panopto to record your user testing videos. Your videos should feature you visibly testing the prototypes (i.e., not in voiceover or embedded video) while wearing professional attire. The video should simultaneously capture both you and your user-testing screen. You should provide a verbal narration and qualitative feedback, as well as your reactions as you perform each usability task.
 

Note: For instructions on how to access and use Panopto, use the "Panopto How-To Videos" and “Panopto FAQs” web links provided below. To access Panopto's website, navigate to the web link titled "Panopto Access," and then choose to log in using the “WGU” option. When preparing to record, select the recording folder "User Experience Design C856 | D479 (student creators) [assignments]." 
  

Note: If you have any problems accessing Panopto or the HJP2 recording folder, please contact Assessment Services at assessmentservices@wgu.edu. It may take up to two business days to receive your WGU Panopto recording permission once you have enrolled in the course.
 

Note: The file size limit for your entire submission cannot exceed 200 MB. Each individual file should not exceed 16 MB.
 

D.  Summarize the feedback from the three reactions you received on your design, including the feedback you received on each of the usability tasks you submitted for testing, specifying which feedback is or is not actionable.
 

Note: List each peer reviewer’s name and Panopto review link in the “Peer Reviews of Your Prototype” section of the attached “C856 Task 2 Template.”
 

E.  Summarize how your design changed throughout the entire UX design process, from the wireframe you created and guerrilla tested in Task 1 to using the feedback from the usability testing in Task 2.
 

F.  Acknowledge sources, using in-text citations and references, for content that is quoted, paraphrased, or summarized and for images or graphics from another resource.
 

Note: You are only required to cite sources from outside this assessment. You are not required to cite reactions from other users. 
 

G.  Demonstrate professional communication in the content and presentation of your submission.
 
